add an option to intersect arguments passed to Cols (#3224)
JuliaData/DataFrames.jl: NEWS.md

* Add `allunique` and allow transformations in `cols` argument of `describe`
  and `nonunique` when working with `SubDataFrame`
  ([3232](https://github.com/JuliaData/DataFrames.jl/pull/3232))

> * Add support for `operation` keyword argument in `Cols`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add support for `operation` keyword argument in `Cols`
  to take either union or intersection of passed selectors
```

* Add `allunique` and allow transformations in `cols` argument of `describe`
  and `nonunique` when working with `SubDataFrame`
  ([3232](https://github.com/JuliaData/DataFrames.jl/pull/3232))
* Add support for `operation` keyword argument in `Cols`

>   to take either union or intersection of passed selectors

Author: ```suggestion
  to take a set operation to apply to passed selectors (`union` by default)
```
